>Mikella_endobia 1541 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctagcggcaggcctaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggcaacagaaataagctaagcttatttgctggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaatatctg
gggatctgccttatggagggggataactattggaaacgatagctaataccgcataataat
cataagattaaagtgggggaccttatcaggcctcacgccataagatgaacccagatggga
ttagctagtaggtgaggtaatggctcacctaggctacgatccctagctggtctgagagga
taaacagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcttacgggaggcagcagtgggga
atattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttag
ggttgtaaagcactttcagcaaggaagaaagttattatgttaataacattataatttgac
gttacttgcataagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggt
gcaagcgttaatcggaattattgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggtttattaagtcaatt
gtgaaatccctaggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactggtagactagagtatcgta
gaggggggtagaattctaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggaagaataccagt
ggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaatactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcatggggagcaaac
aggattagataccctggtagtccatgctgtaaactatgtcgatttgaaggttgtggcctt
aggctgtaactttcgtagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctgggaagtacggccgcaagg
ttgaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcg
atgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagtacttaacagaaatgttttg
gtgccttttggggaactctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaa
atgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgtaacccttatcatttgttgccaacgattaggtc
gggaactcaaatgagactgccagtgataaattggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtca
tcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcatatacaaagagaagcga
tcttgcaaaagtcagcggatctcataaaatatgtcgtaatccggattagagtctgcaact
cgactctatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgtt
cccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtaagta
gcttaacccttaaaaagggagagcgcttaccactttgtgattcataactggggtgaagtc
gtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgtggttggatcacct
>Moranella_endobia_PCVAL 1545 bp
tttaattgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgc
aagttgagcggcaacggaaaaaagtttacttttttgccggcgagcagcgaacgggtgagt
aaagtctggggatctgcctgatggagggggataactgctggaaacggtagctaataccgc
ataatgtcgtaagaccaaagtgggggaccttttggcctcacaccttcagatgaacccaga
tgggattagctagtaggtgaggtaatagcttacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctga
gaggatgaccagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagt
ggggaatattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggc
cttcgggttgtaaagcactttcagtagggaggaaggcaatatccttaatacggttattga
ttgacgttacctacagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgg
agggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagagtacgtaggcggtttattaagt
cagatgtgaaatccctgggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactgataggctagagtc
tcgtagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgtgtagatatctggaggaata
ccagtggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaatactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggag
caaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgccgtaaactatgtcgatttgaaagctgtg
gtcttgaactgtggctttcgtagttaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccg
caaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggttta
attcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaacttagcagagatg
ttttggtaccttcgggaactctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgt
gaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatccttttttgccagcgattcg
gtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaag
tcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaag
caagctcgcgagagttagcggacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgca
actcgactccatgaagtaggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatac
gttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtgggttgcaaaagaagtag
gtagcctaaccttttaggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcg
taacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctta
>Tremblaya_princeps_PCVAL 1521 bp
agattgaacgcttgcggtatgcataacacatgcaagtcgtacggcagcacgggctaaggc
ctggtggcgagtggcgaacgggtgagtaacgccccggaacgtgccttgtagtgggggata
gactggcgaaagtcagagtaataccgcatgaagccacgcagcatgcgcggtgaaagtggg
ggattctagcctcacgctactggatcggccggggtctgattagctagttggcgggataat
agcccaccaaggctgagatcagtagctggtctgagaggacggtcagccacactggaactg
agacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatcttggacaatggggggaac
cctgatccagcaatgccgcgtgtgcgaagaaggccttcgggttgtaaagcacttttgttc
ggaaagaaggggggcgtgctaacaccatgccctcttgacgataccgaaagaataagcacc
ggctaactacgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgtagggtgcgagcgttaatcggaatcac
tgggcgtaaagggtgcgcgggtggcttgccaagacccctgtaaaatcctacggcccaacc
gtagagctgcggaggtgactggcaagcttgagtatggcagaggggggtagaattccaggt
gtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggaggaataccgaaggcgaaggcaaccccctgggc
catcactgacactgaggcacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagt
ccacgccctaaaccatgtcgactagttgtcgggggagccctttttcctcggtgacgaagc
taacgcatgaagtcgaccgcctgaggagtacgaccgcaaggttaaaactcaaaggaattg
acggggacccgcacaagcggtggatgatgtggattaattcgatgcaacgcgaagaacctt
acctacccttgacatggcggagattctaccgagaggcggaagtgctcgaaagagaatccg
tgcacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgtcgtgagatgttgggttaagtcccat
aacgagcgcaacccccgtctatagttgctaccactgggcactctatggagactgccagcg
atgagctagaggagggaggggacgacgtcaagtcatcatggcctttatgggtggggcttc
acacgtcatacaatggttggagcaaagggtcgccaactcgagagagggagctaatcccac
aaacccagccccagttcggattggagtctgcaactcgactccatgaagtaggaatcgcta
gtaatcgtggatcagcatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggtcttgtacacaccgcccgt
cacaccatggaagtaggccgcatccgaagcagcctccctaaccctattgctgggaaggag
gctgcgaaggtggggtctatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggtagccgtaccggaagg
tgcggctggattacctcctta
>Moranella_endobia_PCIT 1545 bp
tttaattgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgc
aagttgagcggcaacggaaaaaagtttacttttttgccggcgagcagcgaacgggtgagt
aaagtctggggatctgcctgatggagggggataactgctggaaacggtagctaataccgc
ataatgtcgtaagaccaaagtgggggaccttttggcctcacaccttcagatgaacccaga
tgggattagctagtaggtgaggtaatagcttacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctga
gaggatgaccagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagt
ggggaatattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggc
cttcgggttgtaaagcactttcagtagggaggaaggcaatatccttaatacggttattga
ttgacgttacctacagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgg
agggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagagtacgtaggcggtttattaagt
cagatgtgaaatccctgggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactgataggctagagtc
tcgtagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgtgtagatatctggaggaata
ccagtggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaatactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggag
caaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgccgtaaactatgtcgatttgaaagctgtg
gtcttgaactgtggctttcgtagttaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccg
caaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggttta
attcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaacttagcagagatg
ttttggtaccttcgggaactctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgt
gaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatccttttttgccagcgattcg
gtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaag
tcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaag
caagctcgcgagagttagcggacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgca
actcgactccatgaagtaggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatac
gttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtgggttgcaaaagaagtag
gtagcctaaccttttaggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcg
taacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctta
>Tremblaya_princeps_PCIT 1548 bp
gcactgtatagagtttgatcctggctcagattgaacgcttgcggtatgcataacacatgc
aagtcgtacggcagcacgggctaaggcctggtggcgagtggcgaacgggtgagtaacgcc
ccggaacgtgccttgtagtgggggatagactggcgaaagtcagagtaataccgcatgaag
ccacgcagcatgcgcggtgaaagtgggggattctagcctcacgctactggatcggccggg
gtctgattagctagttggcgggataatagcccaccaaggctgagatcagtagctggtctg
agaggacggtcagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcag
tggggaatcttggacaatggggggaaccctgatccagcaatgccgcgtgtgcgaagaagg
ccttcgggttgtaaagcacttttgttcggaaagaaggggggcgtgctaacaccatgccct
cttgacgataccgaaagaataagcaccggctaactacgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacg
tagggtgcgagcgttaatcggaatcactgggcgtaaagggtgcgcgggtggcttgccaag
acccctgtaaaatcctacggcccaaccgtagagctgcggaggtgactggcaagcttgagt
atggcagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggaggaat
accgaaggcgaaggcaaccccctgggccatcactgacactgaggcacgaaagcgtgggga
gcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgccctaaaccatgtcgactagttgtcggg
ggagccctttttcctcggtgacgaagctaacgcatgaagtcgaccgcctgaggagtacga
ccgcaaggttaaaactcaaaggaattgacggggacccgcacaagcggtggatgatgtgga
ttaattcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctacccttgacatggcggagattctaccgag
aggcggaagtgctcgaaagagaatccgtgcacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgt
gtcgtgagatgttgggttaagtcccataacgagcgcaacccccgtctatagttgctacca
ctgggcactctatggagactgccagcgatgagctagaggagggaggggacgacgtcaagt
catcatggcctttatgggtggggcttcacacgtcatacaatggttggagcaaagggtcgc
caactcgagagagggagctaatcccacaaacccagccccagttcggattggagtctgcaa
ctcgactccatgaagtaggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagcatgccacggtgaatacg
ttcccgggtcttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtaggccgcatccgaagcagc
ctccctaaccctattgctgggaaggaggctgcgaaggtggggtctatgactggggtgaag
tcgtaacaaggtagccgtaccggaaggtgcggctggattacctcctta
>Hoaglandella_endobia 1548 bp
ttgaagagtttgatcatagctcagattaaacgctggcggcaagcctaacacatgcaagtc
gagcggcaacggaaaagaagtagtaataatcttctttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtga
gtaatgtctggggatctgcctgatggagggggataactattggaaacggtagctaatacc
gcataaagtcaatttaagaccaaaatgggggacctaagggcctcatgccatcagatgaac
ctagatgggattagctagtaggtggagtaatggcccacctaggcaacgatccctagctgg
tctgagaggataaccagccacactggaactgagatacggtccagactcctacgggaggca
gcagtggggaatattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagctatgtcgcgtgtgtgaag
aaggccttcgggttgtaaagcactttcaatggggaggaaggtagcaatgcaaataacgtt
gctgattgacgttacccgtagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaa
tacggagggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggtttgt
taagtcagatgtgaaatccctgggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactggcaaacta
gagtctcgtagaggggggtagaatttcaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggag
gaataccgatggcgaaggcagccccctggacaaagactgacgctcaagtacgaaagcatg
gggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccatgccgtaaacaatgtcgatttgaagg
ttgtggccttgagccgtggctttcgaagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtac
ggccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtg
gtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaaaaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaactaaatag
agatatttaggtgccttcgggaactctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgt
gttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccagcg
atacggtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaactggaggaaggtaaggatgacg
tcaagtcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggtgcatacaaag
agatgctaactcgcgagaatcagcaaacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagt
ctgcaattcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtg
aatacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgagttgcaaaaga
agtaggtagcttaacctccgggaaggcgcttaccactttgtggttcatgactggggtgaa
gtcgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctt
>Doolittlea_endobia 1530 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaagcctaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggcagcggaaagaagcttgcttctttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaaagtctgg
ggatctgcctgatggagggggataactgctggaaacggtggctaataccgcataacgtcg
aaagaccaaagtgggggaccttctggcctcacgccatcagatgaacccagatgggattag
ctagtaggtgaggtaatggctcacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgat
cagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatat
tgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgggtt
gtaaagcactttcaacggggaagaaaatgaaagcataaataatgctgtcaattgacgtta
cccgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcga
gcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggactgttaagtcagatgtga
aatccccgggcttaacctgggaactgcatttgaaactggtagactagagtctcgtagagg
ggggtagaattctaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccagtggcg
aaagcggccccctggacgaagactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacagga
ttagataccctggtagtccacgctgtaaacgatgtcaatttgaaggttgtggccttgagc
cgtggctttcggagctaacgcgttaaattgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaa
aactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgc
aacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagagcttagcagagatgctttggtgc
cttcgggaactctgtgacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttg
ggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccagcgatttggtcgggaac
tcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtgaggatgacgtcaagtcatcatgg
cccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagcgatctcgc
gagagtcagcgaacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcaactc
catgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccggg
ccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtaggtagcttaa
cctacgggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggta
accgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacct
>Gullanella_endobia 1530 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctagcggtgggcctaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggaatcgggaagaagtttgcttctttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaatgtctgg
ggatctgcccaatggagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcataatgtcg
tgagaccaaagtgggggactttatggcctcacaccatcggatgaacccagatgggattag
ctagtaggtgaggtaatggctcacctaagcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgac
cagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatat
tgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccacgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgggtt
gtaaagcactttcagcaggaaggaaggcaatagtattaatattactattgattgacgtta
cctgaagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcaa
gcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgtaggcggttcgttaagtcagatgtga
aatccccgggcttaacctgggaactgcatttgaaactggcaaactagagtttcgtagagg
ggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccagtggcg
aaggcggccccctggacgaaaactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacagga
ttagataccctggtagtccatgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttgcggacttgagg
cgtgactttcggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaa
aactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgc
aacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaacttagcagagatgctttggtgc
cttcgggaactttgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttg
ggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccctatcctttgttgccagcgatattatcgggaac
tcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcatcatgg
cccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagcgatcttgc
gagagtcagcaaacctcacaaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactc
catgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagcatgccacggtgaatacgttcccggg
ccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtgagtagcttaa
ccttaaggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggta
accgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacct
>S-endosymbiont_of_Heteropsylla_cubana 1427 bp
atggctcagattgaacgctagcgataggcttaacacatgcaagtcgagcggcaacgaagt
tctatataatagaattggcggcaagcggcgaacgggtgagtaatgtctggggatctacct
aatggagggggacaactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcataatgtcgaaagaccaaa
gtgggggacccctacaggcctcgcgccattagatgaacccagatgggattagctagtagg
taaggtaatggcttacctaggcaacaatccctagctggtctgagaggatgaccagccaca
ctggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatattgcacaat
gggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgtcgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgggttgtaaagca
ctttcagcaggaaagaaaacagcactgttaatagtagtgttggttgacgttacctgaaaa
agaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcaagcgttaat
cggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgtaggcggttttttaagtcagatgtgaaatcccta
ggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactgataagctagagtctcgtagaggggggtaga
attccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaagaataccggtggcgaaggcggc
cccctggacgaaaactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagatac
cctggtagtccacgccgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggtcgtaatcttgagttgtggctt
tcgaagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacgaccgcaaggttaaaactcaaa
tgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaa
gaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaaattgacagagatgtctttgtgccttcggga
actctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgggttaagt
cccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatccttttttgccagcgattcggtcgggaactcaaagga
gactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcatcatggcccttacg
agtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggtgtatacaaagggaagcgaccttgcgagagtta
gcggatctcacaaagtacatcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactccatgaagt
cggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggccttgtac
acaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtgagttg
>Carsonella_ruddii_HC 1442 bp
atagctcagattgaacgctagcgacaagcctaacacatgcaagttgtgcgaattatttta
ttaaaaaaagtaattagcagcgaacgggtgagtaatgtataagaatctaccttttagtat
tttgaaaagtatatagaaatgtatagtaattcaatatatatcctaatggataaagtatga
gatagtcatacgctaatagaagagcttatatcgaattagttagttgttaaagtaaaggtt
taacaagaccatgattcgtagttgatcttagaggatgaacaaccacattgggactgagac
acggcccaaacttttaaggaaggcagcagtggggaatattggacaatgagcgaaagcttg
atccagctatgtcgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttagggttgtaaatcactttcagcaaagt
aagaagaaaaaattaaataatattttattttttttgacgttttttgtaaaagaagcaccg
gctaacttcgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgaggggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattatt
gggcgtaaagggtgtgcaggttgtttttaaaaattaatttttaaatatattaaagtaatt
taatatggaaattaatacttataaacttgagtataaaagaagaaattagaatttcaagag
tagcagtgaaatgcttagatatttgaaagaatactagtggcgaaggcgtatttctatttt
attactgacactaatacacgaaagcatggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtc
catgcagtaaacgatgtcaactatttattaaatatcataataattaattttatgtaaaaa
aattatgtatttttagtgaaaaagctaacgcgttaagttgaccgcctggggattacggcc
gcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggctcgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggttt
aattcgatacaacacgaaaaatcttacctacttttgacatccaaagaatttattagaaat
aataacgcttttaaagctttgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtga
aatgttgggttaagtcctataacgagcgcaacccttatcttattttactaaaattatctt
agaactaataagaaactgccaatgataaattggaggaaggtgaggacgacgtcaagtcat
catggcccttataagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatgagtataacaaaaagtatacgc
tatatggtaacataatgctaatcttataaaaatattcttagttcggattgaaatctgtaa
ctcgatttcatgaagttggaatcgctagtaatcgtaaatcagaatgttacggtgaatacg
ttctcgagccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtaacttgtatcataagtaat
tt
>Carsonella_ruddii_CE 1441 bp
atagctcagattgaacgctggcggcaagcttaacacatgcaagttgtgcgaatttttaaa
aaaaaattagcagcgaacgggtgagtaatatataagaatttgcctattagtaaataatat
aatatagaaatatatagtaataatttatgaatcctaatggataaagtatgtgatagtcat
acgctaatagaaaagcttatatcggattagctagttgttaaaataaaagtttaacaaggc
tgtgatccgtagttgatctgagaggatgaacaaccacattgggactgagacacggcccaa
actttcaaggaaggcagcagtgggggatattggacaatgagcgaaagcttgatccagcta
tgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttagggttgtaaaacactttcaacataggaagaagaat
aaaaaatttaaaaaatttttttttttgacgttatttgtaaaagaagcaccggctaacttc
gtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgaggggtgctagcgttaatcaaaattactgggcgtaaa
gggtgtgtaggctgttattttaaaattaattataaaaattattaaaattaatttaataaa
gtaattaatactaaatttcttgagtataaaagaagaaaatagaattttaagagtagcagt
gaaatgcttagatatttaaaagaatactagtggcgaaggcgtttttctattttatactga
cgctgatacacgaaagcatggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccatgcagt
aaacgttgtcaactatttattatataacgtaaattataaataatataaaatttgaagaaa
ttattttatgtatatatagtgaaaaagctaacgcgttaagttgaccgcctggggattacg
accgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggctcgcacaagcggtggagcatgtgg
tttaattcgatacaacacgaaaaaccttacctactcttgacatccaaagaatttattaga
aataataaagctttaatagctttgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttg
tgaaacgttgggttaagtcctataacgagcgcaacccttattttattttattaataaaaa
aaataataaaaaactgccaatgataaattggaggaaggtgaggacgacgtcaagtcatca
tggcccttatgagtagggctacacacatgctacaatgaataatacaaaaagtttttttgc
taaatggtaacattatgctaatctataaaattattcttagttcggattgaaatctgcaac
tcgatttcatgaagtaggaatcgctagtaatcgtaaatcagaatgttacggtgaatacgt
tctcgagccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtaaattgtatcataaataatt
t
>S_endosymbiont_of_Ctenarytaina_eucalypti 1424 bp
atggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgcaagtcgagcggcagcggaaa
gaagtttacttctttgccggcaagcggcggacgggtgagtaatatctggggatctgccta
atggagagggacaactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcataatgtcgcaagaccaaag
tgggggaccatacggcctcacgccatcagatgaacccagatgggattagctagtaggtgg
ggtaacggctcacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgaccagccacactg
gaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatattgcacaatggg
ggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgggttgtaaagcactt
tcagcggggaagaaggccataatgttaataacattatggattgacgttacccgcagaaga
agcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcaagcgttaatcgg
aattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggtttgtcaagtcagatgtgaaatccccgggc
ttaacctgggaactgcatttgaaactagcaggctagagtctcgtagaggggggcagaatt
ccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccagtggcgaaggcgacccc
ctggacgaaaactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccct
ggtagtccacgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttgtggccttgagccgtggctttcg
aagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatga
attgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaaaaa
ccttacctactcttgacatccagagaacttggcagagatgcctcggtgccctcgggaact
ctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtccc
gcaacgagcgcaacccttatccttttttgccagcgatacggtcgggaactcaaaggagac
tgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcatcatggcccttacgagt
agggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgtatacaaagagcagctacctcgcgagagccagcg
aacctcataaagtacgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactccatgaagtcgg
aatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggccttgtacaca
ccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtaggtag
>Sulcia_muelleri_PSPU 1541 bp
acaatgaagagtttgatccttgctcaggataaacgctagcggagggcctaacacatgcaa
gtcgaggggcagcaaaaaaaatataagtaaatttatattttttgttggcgaccggcaaac
gggtgagtaatacatacgtaacttaccttatgctgagggatagcctgaggaaacttggat
taataccttataaaacaatattttataaagaaatattgttaaaattttatatggcataaa
ataggcgtatgtccgattagttagttggtaaggtaatggcttaccaagacaatgatcggt
agggggcctgagagggcgtacccccacattggtactgagacacggaccaaactcctacgg
gaggcagcagtgaggaatattggtcaatggaggcaactctgaaccagccactccgcgtgc
aggatgaacgccttatgggttgtaaactgcttttgtatatgaataaaaaattctattttt
agaaaaaattgaatgtaatatacgaataagtatcggcaaactccgtgccagcagccgcgg
taatacggaggatacaagcgttatccggatttattgggtttaaagggtgcgtaggcggtt
ttttaagtcagtagtgaaatcttaaagcttaactttaaaatggctattgatactgagaga
cttgagttaggttggagtagctggaatgtgtggtgtagcggtgaaatgcatagatatcac
acagaacaccgatcgcgaaagcaagttactaagcctagactgacgctgaggcacgaaagc
gtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccatgccgtaaacgatgatcactaac
tattggatttttataattcagtggtcaagcgaaagtgataagtgatccacctgagaagta
cgaccgcaaggttgaaactcaaaggaattgacgggggcccgcacaatcggtggagcacgt
ggtttaattcgatgatacgcgaggaaccttaccaagacttaaatgtactacgaataaatt
ggaaacaatttagtcaaacgacggagtacaaggtgctgcatggttgtcgtcagctcgtgc
cgtgaggtgttaggttaagtccttcaacgagcgcaacccttatgattagttgccatcgag
taatgtcggggactctaataagactgccggcgtaagccgagaggaaggtggggacgacgt
caaatcatcacggcccttacgtcttgggccacacacgtgctacaatggtcggtacaaaag
gcagcgactgggtgaccagaagcaaatctctaaagccgatctcagttcggattggagtct
gaaactcgactctatgaagctggaatcgctagtaatcgcgcatcagccatggcgcggtga
atacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcaagccatggaagttggaagtacctaaa
gtcggtgaccataaaaggagctgcctaaggtaaggctaataactagggctaagtcgtaac
aaggtagccgtaccggaaggtgcggctggaacatctctgtt
>Zinderia_insecticola_CARI 1536 bp
atataaataagagtttgatcctggctcagattgaacgctagcggtatgctttacacatgc
aagtcgaacgacaatattaaagcttgctttaatataaagtggcgaacgggtgagtaatat
atcaaaacgtaccttaaagtgggggataactaattgaaaaattagataataccgcatatt
aatcttaggatgaaaataggaataatatcttatgcttttagatcggttgatatctgatta
gctagttggtagggtaaatgcttaccaaggcaatgatcagtagctggttttagcgaatga
tcagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagacttctacggaaggcagcagtggggaata
ttggacaatgggagaaatcctgatccagcaataccgcgtgagtgatgaaggccttagggt
cgtaaaactcttttgttaggaaagaaataattttaaataatatttaaaattgatgacggt
acctaaagaataagcaccggctaactacgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgtagggtgca
agcgttaatcggaattattgggcgtaaagagtgcgtaggctgttatataagatagatgtg
aaatacttaagcttaacttaagaactgcatttattactgtttaactagagtttattagag
agaagtggaattttatgtgtagcagtgaaatgcgtagatatataaaggaatatcgatggc
gaaggcagcttcttggaataatactgacgctgaggcacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacagg
attagataccctggtagtccacgccctaaactatgtctactagttattaaattaaaaata
aaatttagtaacgtagctaacgcattaagtagaccgcctggggagtacgatcgcaagatt
aaaactcaaaggaattgacggggacccgcacaagcggtggatgatgtggattaattcgat
gcaacacgaaaaaccttacctactcttgacatgtttggaattttaaagaaatttaaaagt
gcttgaaaaagaaccaaaacacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgtcgtgagat
gttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttgttattatttgctaataaaaagaactt
taataagactgccaatgacaaattggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcctcatggcc
cttatgagtagggcttcacacgtcatacaatgatatatacaatgggtagcaaatttgtga
aaatgagccaatccttaaagtatatcttagttcggattgtagtctgcaactcgactacat
gaagttggaatcgctagtaatcgcggatcagcatgccgcggtgaatacgttctcgggtct
tgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatggaagtgatttttaccagaaattatttgtttaacct
ttattggaaaaaaataattaaggtagaattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggtag
cagtatcggaaggtgcggctggattacattttaaat
>P-endosymbiont_of_Henestaris_halophilus 1546 bp
attgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgcaagt
cgagcggcaacgaaaagaaacttagtttctttgtcggcgagcggcgaacgggtgagtaat
atctgggaatctgcccgatggagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcgta
acgtcgcgagaccaaagtgggggaccatctatggcctcacaccatcggatgagcccagat
gggattagctagtaggtgaggtaatagctcacctaggcaacgatccctagctggtctgag
aggataaccagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtg
gggaatattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggcc
ttagggttgtaaagcactttcggcggagaagaagacaatggttgttaatagcaccattgg
ttgacgttaaccgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgg
agggtgcgagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagagtacgcaggcggccaattaagt
cagatgtgaaatccctgggcttaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactgataggctagagtc
tcgtagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaaca
cccgtggcgaaggcgaccccctggacaaagactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggag
caaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgccgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttagg
gccttgattcctgactttcgaagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggaatacgaccg
caaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggttta
attcgatgcaacgcgaaaaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaactaggcagaaatg
cctgggtacccttaaagggtactctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgt
tgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaaccctcatcctttgttgccagcgat
ttagtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccagtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtc
aagtcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatagcgcgcacaaagag
aagcaatctcgcgagagtcagcaaacctcataaaatgcgttttagtccggattggagtct
gcaactcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaa
tacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgtaaaagaag
taggtagcttaaccttcgggagggcgcttaccactttatgattcatgactggggtgaagt
cgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctt
>Sodalis_glossinidius 1511 bp
aacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgcaagtcgagcggcagcggaaagaagcttgcttct
ttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaatgtctggggatctgcccgatggagggggata
actactggaaacggtagctaataccgcataacgtcgcaagactaaagtgggggaccttcg
ggcctcacaccatcggatgaacccagatgggattagctagtaggtggggtaatggctcac
ctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgaccagccacactggaactgagacacg
gtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatg
cagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgggttgtaaagcactttcagcggggaaga
aggcgttagcgttaacagcgctatcgattgacgttacctgcagaagaagcaccggctaac
tccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgt
aaagcgtacgcaggcggtctgttaagtcagatgtgaaatccccgggcttaacctgggaac
tgcatttgaaactggcaggctagagtctcgtagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcgg
tgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccggtggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaagact
gacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgct
gtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttgtggccttgagctgtggctttcggagctaacgcgtt
aaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcc
cgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactct
tgacatccagagaacttggcagagatgccttggtgccttcgggagctctgagacaggtgc
tgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaa
cccttatcctttgttgccagcgatttggtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaa
ccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacg
tgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagcgatctcgcgagagtcagcggacctcacaaagt
gcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaat
cgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcctgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacac
catgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtaggtagcttaaccttcgggagggcgcttaccactt
tgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttgga
tcacctcctta
>Wigglesworthia_glossinidia_morsitans 1556 bp
aaactgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattaaacgctagcggcaagcctaacacatgcaa
gtcgtgcggcagcgtgaagattttctttgacggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaatatct
ggggatctacctaaaagagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcgtaatat
cgaccgattaaagtaggggactaaatcaaaattttaattttgataaagccttgcgctttt
agatgaacccagacgagattagctagtaggtgaggtaaaagctcacctaggcgacgatct
ctagctggtctgagaggacggccagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctac
gggaggcagcagtggggaatattgcacaatgggggcaaccctgatgcagctatgccgcgt
gtgtgaagaaggtcttcggattgtaaagcactttcagcagggaagaaagtaaatatgcta
ataccatgtttatgtgacgttacttgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagc
cgcggtaatacggagggtgcaagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcagg
cggtttattaagtcagatgtgaaatccctaggcttaacttaggaactgcatttgaaacta
ataaactagagtatcgtagagggaggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagat
atctggaggaataccagtggcgaaggcgacctcctggacgaaaactgacgctcaagtacg
aaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccatgccgtaaacgatgtcga
tttgaaggtcgtagatttatctgtgattttcggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctgg
ggagtacaaccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtgga
gcatgtggtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaaaaaccttacctactcttgacatttagagaat
ttagcagagatgctttagtgccttcgggaactctaaaacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtc
agctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccctatcctttttt
gccagcgaacaagtcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggcggg
gacgacgtcaagtcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgta
tacaaagggttgcaatctcgcgagagtaagctaatctcacaaagtacgtcttagtccgga
ttggagtctgcaactcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgcggatcagcatgc
cgcggtgaatacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgagttg
caaaagaagcaggtagcttaaccttcgggagggcacttaccactttgtgattcataactg
gggtgaagtcgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgtggttggatcacctcctta
>Sodalis_praecaptivus 1535 bp
aattgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgcaag
tcgagcggcagcggaaagaagcttgcttctttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaat
gtctggggatctgcccgatggagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcata
acgtcgcaagaccaaagtgggggacctcggcctcacaccatcggatgaacccagatggga
ttagctagtaggtggggtaatggctcacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagagga
tgaccagccacatggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaa
tattgcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaggccttcgg
gttgtaaagcactttcagcggggaggaaggcgatggcgtaaatagcgccatcgattgacg
ttacccgcagaagagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgc
gagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggtctgttaagtcagatgt
gaaatccccgggctcaacctgggaactgcatttgaaactggcaggctagagtctcgtaga
ggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccggtgg
cgaaggcggccccctggacgaagactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagcaaacag
gattagataccctggtagtccacgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttgtggccttga
gccgtggctttcggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggtt
aaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgat
gcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagaacggcagagatgccttggtgc
cttcgggagctctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttg
ggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccagcgattcggtcgggaac
tcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagtcatcatgg
cccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagcgatctcgc
gagagtcagcggacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactc
catgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccggg
ccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtaggtagcttaa
ccttcgggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggta
accgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctta
>Sodalis_pierantonius 1543 bp
aattgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcctaacacatgcaag
tcgagcggcagcgggaagaagcttgcttctttgccggcgagcggcggacgggtgagtaat
gtctggggatctgcccgatggagggggataactactggaaacggtagctaataccgcata
acgtcgcaagaccaaagtgggggaccttcgggcctcacaccatcggatgaacccagatgg
gattagctagtaggtggggtaatggctcacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagag
gatgaccagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggg
gaatatttcacaatgggggaaaccctgatgcagccatgccgcgtgtgtgaagaaagcctt
cgggttgtaaagcactttcagcggggaggaaggcggtggcgttaatagcgccatcgattg
acgttacccgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaattacggag
ggtgcgagcgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgtacgcaggcggtctgttaagtca
gatgtgaaatccccgggctcaacctgggaagtgcatttgaaactggcaggctagagtctc
gtagagggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaatat
cggtggcgaaggcggccccctggacgaagactgacgctcaggtacgaaagcgtggggagc
aaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttgaaggttgtgg
ccttgagccgtggctttcggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgc
aaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaa
ttcgatgcgacgcgaagaaccttacctacttttgacatccagagaacttggcagagatgc
ctcggtgccttcgggagctctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtg
aaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccaacgattcgg
tcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaagt
catcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgcatacaaagagaagc
gatctcgcgagagtcagcggacctcataaagtgcgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaa
ctcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacg
ttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagtagg
tagcttaaccttcgggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgta
acaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctta
>Serratia_Symbiotica_Cinara_cedri 1501 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaggcttaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggtagcatagaggagcttgctctttgggtgacgagcggcggacgggtgagtaatgtctgg
gaaactgcctaatgatgggggataactattggaaacggtagctaataccgcataatgtcg
taagaccaaagtgggggactttaggcctcacgtcattagatgtgcccagatgggattagc
tagtaggtgaggtaatggctcacctaggcgacgatccctagctggtctgagaggatgacc
agccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatatt
gcacaatgggcgcaagcctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtatgaagaaggccttagggttg
taaagtactttcgtcaggaaagaaggtaataatgctaatatcattgttaattgacgttac
ctgaaaaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggaaggtgcgag
cgttaatcggaattactgggcgtaaagcgcacgtaggtggcttgttaagtcagatgtgaa
atccccgcgcttaacgtgggaactgcatttgaaactggcaggctagagtcttgtagaggg
gggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagagatctggaggaataccagtggcga
aggcggccctctggacaaagactgacgctcaggtgcgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggat
tagataccctggtagtccatgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttggaggttgtgcccttgaggc
gtggcttccggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggttaaa
actcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgca
acgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccagagtactttccagagatggaagggtgcc
ttagggagctctgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgg
gttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcctttgttgccagcgattaggccgggaact
caaaggagactgccggttataaaccggaggaaggtggggacgacgtcaagtcatcatggc
ccttacgaccagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcatatacaaagagaagcaacctcgca
agagcaagcggatctcacaaagtatgtcgtagtccggattggagtctgcaactcgactcc
atgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggc
cttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgtaaaagaagtaagtagcttaac
cttaattggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaacaaggt
a
>Candidatus_Hamiltonella 1549 bp
gaattgaagagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggtggcaggcctaacacatgcaa
gtcgagcggcatcgagtgatcgcagtttactgagttcatgtcggcgagcggcggacgggt
gagtaaagtctgggaatctggccgaaggagggggataactgctggaaacggcagctaata
ccgcatgaagtcgcgagaccaaagtgggggaccttcgggcctcacgccttcggatgagcc
cagatgagattagctggtaggtaaggtaaaggcttacctaggcgacgatctctagcgggt
ctgagaggatagcccgccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcag
cagtggggaatattgcacaatgggcgaaagcctgatgcagccatgccacgtgtgtgaaga
aggccttcgggttgtaaagcactttcagcgaggaggaagcgataaatgcgaataccattt
atttttgacgttactcgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaat
acggagggtgcgagcgttaatcggaataactgggcgtaaagggcatgtaggcggtgagtt
aagtcagatgtgaaatccccgagctcaacttgggaatggcatttgaaactgggtcgctag
agttttctagaggggggtagaattccaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggagg
aataccggtggcgaaggcggccccctggagaaagactgacgctgaggtgcgaaagcgtgg
ggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagtccacgctgtaaacgatgtcgatttggaggt
tgcggtcttgaactgtggcgtccggagctaacgcgttaaatcgaccgcctggggagtacg
gccgcaaggttaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtgg
tttaattcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctactcttgacatccacggaattgtgcaga
gatgcgcaagtgccttcgggaaccgtgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtg
ttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaaccctcgtcctttgttgccagcgc
gtagaggcgggaactcaaaggagactgccggtgataaaccgtaggaaggtggggacgacg
tcaagtcatcatggcccttacgagtagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcgtatacaaag
ggatgcgaacctgcgagggaaagcggaactcagaaagtacgtcgtagtccggattggagt
ctgcaactcgactccatgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtagatcagaatgctacggtg
aatacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaaga
agtaggtagcttaaccgcaaggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaa
gtcgtaacaaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctta
>Buchnera_bp 1519 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaagcttaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggcatcgaagaaaagtttacttttctggcggcgagcggcaaacgggtgagtaacatctgg
ggatctacctaaaagagggggacaaccattggaaacgatggctaataccgcataatgttt
ttaaataaaccaaagtaggggactaaaatttttagccttatgcttttagatgaacccaga
cgagattagcttgatggtaaggtaatggcttaccaaggcgacgatctctagctggtctga
gaggataaccagccacactggaactgagatacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagt
ggggaatattgcacaatgggctaaagcctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtatgaagaaggc
cttagggttgtaaagtactttcagcggggaggaaagaattatgtctaatatacatatttt
gtgacgttacccgaagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacgg
agggtgcgagcgttaatcagaattactgggcgtaaagagcacgtaggcggtttattaagt
cagatgtgaaatccctaggcttaacttaggaactgcatttgaaactaatagactagagtc
tcatagagggaggtagaattctaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctagaggaata
cccgtggcgaaagcgacctcctaaatgaaaactgacgctgaggtgcgaaagcgtggggag
caaacaggattagataccctggtagtccatgctgtaaacgatgtcgacttggaggttgtt
tcctagagaagtggcttccgaagctaacgcattaagtcgaccgcctggggagtacggtcg
caaggctaaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggttta
attcgatgcaacgcgaagaaccttacctggtcttgacatccatagaattttttagagata
aaagagtgccttagggaactatgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgt
gaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccctatcctttgttgccatcaggtta
tgctgggaactcagaggagactgccggttataaaccggaggaaggtggggatgacgtcaa
gtcatcatggcccttacgaccagggctacacacgtgctacaatggcatatacaaagagat
gcaactctgcgaagataagcaaacctcataaagtatgtcgtagtccggactggagtctgc
aactcgactccacgaagtaggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaata
cgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagca
ggtagcttaaccagattattttattggagggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggg
gtgaagtcgtaacaaggta
>Buchnera_bcc 1463 bp
ttgaacgctggcggcaagcctaacacatgcaagtcgtgcggcaacggaaaaatatttata
tttttgccggcgagcggcgaacgggtgagtaatatctggggatctacctaagagaggggg
ataactattggaaacgatagctaataccgcataatgttgagaaactaaagtaggggattc
cttttggaaccttgcacttttagatgaacccagacgagattagcttgatggtaaggtaaa
ggcttaccatggcaacgatctctagctggtctgagaggatggccagccacactggaactg
agacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaatattgcacaatgggcgcaag
cctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtatgaagaaggccttagggttgtaaagtactttcgtca
ggaaagaaggtaataatgctaatatcattgttaattgacgttacctgaaaaagaagcacc
ggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggggggtgcgagcgttaatcggaattac
tgggcgtaaagagcgcgtaggtggttatttaagtcagatgtgaaatccctgggcttaacc
taggaactgcatttgaaactaaataactagagtttcgtagagggaggtagaattctaggt
gtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggaggaataccagtggcgaaagcgacctcctggac
gataactgacactgaggtgcgaaagcgtggggagcaaacaggattagataccctggtagt
ccatgctgtaaacgatgtcgacttggaggttgtatccatagagaaatggcttccgaagtt
aacgcattaagtcgaccgcctggggagtacggtcgcaaggctaaaactcaaatgaattga
cgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgatgcaacgcgaaaaacctta
cctggtcttgacatccatagaattttatagaaatattaaagtgccttcgggaactatgag
acaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgttgggttaagtcccgcaac
gagcgcaacccttatcttttgttaccatcggttcggccggggactcaagggagactgccg
gttataaaccggaggaaggtggggacgacgtcaagtcatcatggcccttacgaccagggc
tacacacgtgctacaatggtatatacaaagagaagcaattctgcgaagataagcaaacct
cataaagtatatcgtagtccggactggagtctgcaactcgactccacgaagtcggaatcg
ctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccgggccttgtacacaccgcc
cgtcacaccatgggagtgagttgcaaaagaagcaggtttcctaacctgatgtttaggagg
gcacctaccactttgtggttcat
>Buchnera_aps 1540 bp
agagtttgatcatggctcagattgaacgctggcggcaagcctaacacatgcaagtcgagc
ggcagcgagaagagagcttgctctctttgtcggcaagcggcaaacgggtgagtaatatct
ggggatctacccaaaagagggggataactactagaaatggtagctaataccgcataatgt
tgaaaaaccaaagtgggggaccttttggcctcatgcttttggatgaacccagacgagatt
agcttgttggtagagtaatagcctaccaaggcaacgatctctagctggtctgagaggata
accagccacactggaactgagacacggtccagactcctacgggaggcagcagtggggaat
attgcacaatgggcgaaagcctgatgcagctatgccgcgtgtatgaagaaggccttaggg
ttgtaaagtactttcagcggggaggaaaaaaataaaactaataattttatttcgtgacgt
tacccgcagaagaagcaccggctaactccgtgccagcagccgcggtaatacggagggtgc
aagcgttaatcagaattactgggcgtaaagagcgcgtaggtggttttttaagtcaggtgt
gaaatccctaggctcaacctaggaactgcatttgaaactggaaaactagagtttcgtaga
gggaggtagaattctaggtgtagcggtgaaatgcgtagatatctggaggaatacccgtgg
cgaaagcggcctcctaaacgaaaactgacactgaggcgcgaaagcgtggggagcaaacag
gattagataccctggtagtccatgccgtaaacgatgtcgacttggaggttgtttccaaga
gaagtgacttccgaagctaacgcattaagtcgaccgcctggggagtacggccgcaaggct
aaaactcaaatgaattgacgggggcccgcacaagcggtggagcatgtggtttaattcgat
gcaacgcgaaaaaccttacctggtcttgacatccacagaattctttagaaataaagaagt
gccttcgggagctgtgagacaggtgctgcatggctgtcgtcagctcgtgttgtgaaatgt
tgggttaagtcccgcaacgagcgcaacccttatcccctgttgccagcggttcggccggga
actcagaggagactgccggttataaaccggaggaaggtggggacgacgtcaagtcatcat
ggcccttacgaccagggctacacacgtgctacaatggtttatacaaagagaagcaaatct
gcaaagacaagcaaacctcataaagtaaatcgtagtccggactggagtctgcaactcgac
tccacgaagtcggaatcgctagtaatcgtggatcagaatgccacggtgaatacgttcccg
ggccttgtacacaccgcccgtcacaccatgggagtgggttgcaaaagaagcaggtatcct
aaccctttaaaaggaaggcgcttaccactttgtgattcatgactggggtgaagtcgtaac
aaggtaaccgtaggggaacctgcggttggatcacctcctt
>Sodalis_melophagi 1192 bp
TAACACATGCAAGTCGAGCGGCAGCGGGAAGAAGCTTGCTTCTTTGCCGGCGAGCAGCGG
ACGGGTGAGTAATGTCTGGGGATCTGCCCGATGGAGGGGGATAACTACTGGAAACGGTAG
CTAATACCGCATAACGTCGCAAGACCAAAGTGGGGGACCTTCGGGCCTCACACCATCGGA
TGAACCCAGATGGGATTAGCTAGTAGGTGGGGTAATGGCTCACCTAGGCGATGATCCCTA
GCTGGTCTGAGAGGATGACCAGCCACACTGGAACTGAGACACGGTCCAGACTCCTACGGG
AGGCAGCAGTGGGGAATATTGCACAATGGGGGAAACCCTGATGCAGCCATGCCGCGTGTG
TGAAGAAGGCCTTCGGGTTGTAAAGCACTTTCAGCGGGGAGGAAGGCGATGGTGTTAATA
GCGCCATCGATTGACGTTACCCGCAGAAGAAGCACCGGCTAACTCCGTGCCAGCAGCCGC
GGTAATACGGAGGGTGCGAGCGTTAATCGGAATTACTGGGCGTAAAGCGTACGCAGGCGG
TCTGTTAAGTCAGATGTGAAATCCCCGGGCTCAACCTGGGAACTGCATTTGAAACTGGCA
GGCTAGAGTCTCGTAGAGGGGGGTAGAATTCCAGGTGTAGCGGTGAAATGCGTAGAGATC
TGGAGGAATACCGGTGGCGAAGGCGGCCCCCTGGACGAAGACTGACGCTCAGGTACGAAA
GCGTGGGGAGCAAACAGGATTAGATACCCTGGTAGTCCACGCTGTAAACGATGTCGATTT
GAAGGTTGTGGCCTTGAGCCGTGGCTTTCGGAGCTAACGCGTTAAATCGACCGCCTGGGG
AGTACGGCCGCAAGGTTAAAACTCAAATGAATTGACGGGGGCCCGCACAAGCGGTGGAGC
ATGTGGTTTAATTCGATGCAACGCGAAGAACCTTACCTACTCTTGACATCCAGAGAACTT
GGCAGAGATGCCTTGGTGCCTTCGGGAACTCTGAGACAGGTGCTGCATGGCTGTCGTCAG
CTCGTGTTGTGAAATGTTGGGTTAAGTCCCGCAACGAGCGCAACCCTTATCCTTTTTTGC
CAGCGATTCGGTCGGGAACTCAAAGGAGACTGCCGGTGATAAACCGGAGGAAGGTGGGGA
TGACGTCAAGTCATCATGGCCCTTACGAGTAGGGCTACCCACGTGCTACAAT
>Bartonella_melophagi 1219 bp
CGGCAAACGGGTGAGTAACGACGTGGGAATCTACCCATCTCTACGGAATAACACAGAGAA
ATTTGTGCTAATGCCGTATACGTCCTTAAGGGAGAAAGATTTATCGGAGATGGATGAGCC
CGCGTTGGATTAGCTAGTTGGTGGGGTAAAGGCTCACCAAGGCGACGATCCATAGCTGGT
CTGAGAGGATGATCAGCCACACTGGGACTGAGACACGGCCCAGACTCCTACGGGAGGCAG
CAGTGGGGAATATTGGACAATGGGGGCAACCCTGATCCAGCCATGCCGCGTGAGTGATGA
AGGCCCTAGGGTTGTAAAGCTCTTTCACCGGTGAAGATAATGACGGTAGCCGGAGAAGAA
GCCCCGGCTAACTTCGTGCCAGCAGCCGCGGTAATACGAAGGGGGCTAGCGTTGTTCGGA
TTTACTGGGCGTAAAGCGCATGTAGGCGGATATTTAAGTCAGAGGTGAAATCCCAGGGCT
CAACCCTGGAACTGCCTTTGATACTGGGTATCTTGAGTATGGAAGAGGTGAGTGGAATTC
CGAGTGTAGAGGTAAAATTCGTAGATATTCGGAGGAACACCAGTGGCGAAGGCGGCTCAC
TGGTCCATTACTGACGCTGAGGTGCGAAAGCGTGGGGAGCAAACAGGATTAGATACCCTG
GTAGTCCACGCTGTAAACGATGAATGTTAGCCGTCGGGTGGTTTACTGCTCGGTGGCGCA
GCTAACGCGTTAAACATTCCGCCTGGGGAGTACGGTCGCAAGATTAAAACTCAAAGGAAT
TGACGGGGGCCCGCACAAGCGGTGGAGCATGTGGTTTAATTCGAAGCAACGCGCAGAACC
TTACCAGCCCTTGACATCCCGATCGCGGAGAGTGGAGACACACTCCTTCAGTTAGGCTGG
ATCGGAGACAGGTGCTGCATGGCTGTCGTCAGCTCGTGTCGTGAGATGTTGGGGTTAAGT
CCCGCAACGAGCGCAACCCTCGCCCTTAGTTGCCAGCATTCAGTTGGGCACTCTAGGGGG
ACTGCCGGTGATAAGCCGAGAGGAAGGTGGGGATGACGTCAAGTCCTCATGGCCCTTACG
GGCTGGGCTACACACGTGCTACAATGGTGGTGACAATGGGCAGCCAAACCGCAAGGTGGA
GCTAATCTCCAAAAGCCATCTCAGTTCGGATTGCACTCTGCAACTCGAGTGCATGAAGTC
GGAATCGGGTAGTAATTCG
>Tremblaya_princeps_isolate_TPPMAR 1540 bp
AGAGTTTGATCCTGGCTCAGATTGAACGCTGGCGGCATGCCTTACACATGCAAGTCGAAC
GGCAGCACGGGCTTAGGCCTGGTGGCGAGTGGCGAACGGGTGAGTAACGCCCCGGAACGT
GCCTTGTAGTGGGGGATAGCCTGGCGAAAGTCAGATTAAGACCGCATGAAGCCGCGCAGC
ATGGCGCGGTGAAAGTGGGGGATTTGAGCCTCACGCTACTGGATCGGCCGGGGTCTGATT
AGCTAGTTGGCGGGGTAAAGGCCCACCAAGGCTGAGATCAGTAGCTGGTCTGAGAGGACG
AACAGCCACACTGGAACTGAGACACGGTCCAGACTCCTACGGGAGGCAGCAGTGGGGAAT
ATTGGACAATGGGCGTAAGCCTGATCCAGCAATGCCGCGTGTGCGAAGAAGGCCTTCGGG
TTGTAAAGCACTTTTGTTCGGGATGAAGGGGGGCGTACTAACACCATGCCCTCTTGACGA
TACCGAAAGAATAAGCACCGGCTAACTACGTGCCAGCAGCCGCGGTAATACGTAGGGTGC
GAGCGTTAATCGGAATCACTGGGCGTAAAGGGTGCGCGGGTGGCTTGCCAAGACCCCTGT
AAAATCCTACGGCCCAACCGTAGTGCAGCGGAGGTTACTGGCAGGCTTGAGTATGGCAGA
GGGGGGTAGAATTCCAGGTGTAGCGGTGAAATGCGTAGAGATCTGGAGGAATACCGAAGG
CGAAGGCAACCCCCTGGGCCATCACTGACACTGAGGCACGAAAGCGTGGGGAGCAAACAG
GATTAGATACCCTGGTAGTCCACGCCCTAAACCATGTCGACTAGTTGTTGGGGAAGCCCT
TTTTCCTCGGTGACGAAGCTAACGCATGAAGTCGACCGCCTGGGGAGTACGACCGCAAGG
TTAAAACTCAAAGGAATTGACGGGGACCCGCACAAGCGGTGGATGATGTGGATTAATTCG
ATGCAACGCGAAGAACCTTACCTACCCTTGACATGGCGGAGATTCTGCCGAGAGGCGGAA
GTGCTCGAAAGAGAATCCGTGCACAGGTGCTGCATGGCTGTCGTCAGCTCGTGTCGTGAG
ATGTTGGGTTAAGTCCCATAACGAGCGCAACCCCCGTCTATAGTTGCTACCACTGGGGCA
CTCTATAGAGACTGCCAGCGACGAGTTGGAGGAGGGAGGGGATGACGTCAAGTCTTCATG
GCCTTTATGGGTCGGGCTTCACACGTCATACAATGGCTGGAGCAAAGGGTCGCCAACTCG
AGAGAGGGAGCTAATCTCACAAACCCAGCCCCAGTTCGGATTGCACTCTGCAACTCGAGT
GCATGAAGTCGGAATCGCTAGTAATCGTGGATCAGAACGCCACGGTGAATACGTTCCCGG
GTCTTGTACACACCGCCCGTCACACCATGGAAGTAGGCCGCATCAGAAGCAGCCTCCCTA
ACCCTATGCTTGGAAGTAGGCGGCGAAGGTGGGGTCTATGACTGGGGTGAAGTCGTAACA
AGGTAGCCGTACCGGAAGGTGCGGCTGGATTACCTCCTTA
